# Self_introduction

## Video:
https://youtu.be/I_j8geccPIo

## Text transcript of video:
Hello, my name is Angelina. I want to introduce myself and tell you how and why I became interested in programming. 
I'm 19 years old, and I'm from Ukraine. I moved to Bulgaria about a year ago and have been living here with my family. Currently, I'm in my third year at the Kyiv National Aviation University, where I study computer science.
Since my school years, I've had a fascination with everything technical, which is why in the 11th grade, I made the decision to envision myself in this field in the future.

When I entered university, I decided not to rush and find out which area of programming I wanted to pursue. I tried writing code in different programming languages, and in the end, I enjoyed front-end development the most. I started my journey by taking a front-end development course on the SheCodes platform. It is a programming course designed specifically for women. I know it is sounds interesting. During that course, I learned the basics of HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, React, and working with APIs. Using React, I created a dictionary app, and separately, I developed a weather application using vanilla JavaScript, which I eventually rewrote using React.  These courses served as a catalyst for my development, and after completing them, I continued my education. Although the course gave me a good knowledge foundation, it wasn't enough to land a job. So, I continued to learn React and JavaScript on my own, solving simple tasks and challenges on Codewars. I really enjoy what I'm doing right now, and I have never regretted choosing to become a programmer.

Since I know that I want to pursue programming, I joined rrskull to further develop my knowledge and skills. This school was recommended to me by a close friend, for which I am very grateful. Some of the assignments may seem challenging at first glance, but I get a thrill out of understanding them and finding solutions. Since I am studying at university online, I have a lot of time for self-study. Therefore, since the beginning of the course, there have been days when I dedicate up to 8 hours a day to studying, diving deeper into the topics covered in the course. In addition to university and the course, I am also studying English. I attend various English clubs and have an American friend with whom I have calls several times a week. Towards the end, I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to the founders of such an amazing school. I have already learned so much in such a short time, and I can't wait to see where this journey will lead me. I put in a lot of effort to achieve my goal of becoming a programmer, and I know that I will succeed. That's all I wanted to share about myself.